Clarifies use of mount point and modules. (#10994)
spree/spree: guides/src/content/developer/3_customization/authentication.md

include Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Common
include Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Order
include Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Store
include Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Currency
include Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Locale

helper 'spree/base'

> helper 'spree/locale' if defined?(Spree::LocaleHelper)
> helper 'spree/currency' if defined?(Spree::CurrencyHelper)
> helper 'spree/store' if defined?(Spree::StoreHelper)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helper 'spree/locale', 'spree/currency', 'spree/store'
```

```

> Please note that including `Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Common` will direct all Spree routes to the root of the app. For applications not mounting Spree at `'/'` omit the `Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Common` module to preserve existing application routes. Move the `mount Spree::Core::Engine` statement to the end of the `config/routes.rb` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that including `Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Common` will replace your application layout with [Spree layout](https://github.com/spree/spree/blob/master/frontend/app/views/spree/layouts/spree_application.html.erb). For applications not wanting to use Spree layout omit the `Spree::Core::ControllerHelpers::Common` module.
```
